nvim/maps.md, before:

# Keymaps

## Leader Keys

The leader keys change the normal behavior of the keys by creating an
intermediate mode.

```vim
let mapleader="\<space>"
let maplocalleader=','
```

## Comfortable Escape Key

I don't have a Caps lock key because I prefer having a <kdb>Ctrl</kdb> and a
<kdb>Esc</kdb> keys there. However, for a quick Escape key I like the `kj`
combination since they normally don't appear together in the English
dictionary.

```vim
" Because <Esc> is too far away
inoremap kj <Esc>
cnoremap kj <Esc>
```

Leaving insert mode when you are in the terminal mode (inside vim) is just
annoying. Using the `Escape` key is much more comfortable.

```vim
tnoremap <Esc> <C-\><C-n>
```

## Basics

We all do this mistakes. I would recommend you to remap your `CapsLock` key
system wise. Less errors of this nature would happen. However, if you choose
not to, this list of shortcuts will make you a little bit happier.

```vim
cnoreabbrev W! w!
cnoreabbrev Q! q!
cnoreabbrev Qall! qall!
cnoreabbrev Wq wq
cnoreabbrev Wa wa
cnoreabbrev wQ wq
cnoreabbrev WQ wq
cnoreabbrev W w
cnoreabbrev Q q
cnoreabbrev Qall qall
```

I could not live without this old habit. Saving with key sequence `Ctrl` + `S`.

```vim
nnoremap <C-s> :w<CR>
inoremap <C-s> <Esc>:w<CR>a
vnoremap <C-s> <Esc>:w<CR>
```

Do you want to split faster?

- `h`orizontal
- `v`ertical

```vim
noremap <Leader>h :split<CR>
noremap <Leader>v :vsplit<CR>
```

Better pane movement.

```vim
nnoremap <C-h> <C-w>h
nnoremap <C-j> <C-w>j
nnoremap <C-k> <C-w>k
nnoremap <C-l> <C-w>l
```

Better pane switching.

```vim
nnoremap <M-h> <C-w>H
nnoremap <M-j> <C-w>J
nnoremap <M-k> <C-w>K
nnoremap <M-l> <C-w>L
```

## Tab & Buffer management

```vim
nnoremap tn :tabnew<Space>
nnoremap tk :tabnext<CR>
nnoremap th :tabfirst<CR>
nnoremap tl :tablast<CR>
nnoremap <Tab> gt
nnoremap <S-Tab> gT
nnoremap <silent> <S-t> :tabnew<CR>
```

```vim
noremap <leader>b :Buffers<CR>
noremap <leader>q :bp<CR>
noremap <leader>w :bn<CR>
```

```vim
"" Clean search (highlight)
nnoremap <localleader><leader> :noh<cr>

" terminal emulation
nnoremap <silent> <leader>sh :terminal<CR>

" Search mappings: These will make it so that going to the next one in a
" search will center on the line it's found in.
nnoremap n nzzzv
nnoremap N Nzzzv
```

## Visual Mode Mappings

```vim
" Vmap for maintain Visual Mode after shifting > and <
vmap < <gv
vmap > >gv

"" Move visual block
vnoremap J :m '>+1<CR>gv=gv
vnoremap K :m '<-2<CR>gv=gv


" Indent all file and come back to where you were
nnoremap <leader>gf gg=G``zz

"" Copy/Paste/Cut
if has('unnamedplus')
  set clipboard=unnamed,unnamedplus
endif

noremap YY "+y<CR>
noremap <leader>p "+gP<CR>
noremap XX "+x<CR>

" Rename the current file
noremap <leader>r :call Rename()<CR>

" Show syntax highlighting groups for word under cursor
nmap <C-S-P> :call SynStack()<CR>

" Refresh the browser
nnoremap <localleader>r :silent !browser.refresh<CR>
```

## Plugin Related maps

```vim
" NERDTree
noremap <leader>f :NERDTreeTabsToggle<CR>
noremap <localleader>f :NERDTreeFind<CR>

" Git
noremap <Leader>ga :Gwrite<CR>
noremap <Leader>gc :Gcommit<CR>
noremap <Leader>gp :Gpush<CR>
noremap <Leader>gl :Gpull<CR>
noremap <Leader>gs :Gstatus<CR>
noremap <Leader>gb :Gblame<CR>
noremap <Leader>gd :Gvdiff<CR>
noremap <Leader>gr :Gremove<CR>

" Tagbar
nnoremap <leader>t :TagbarToggle<CR>

" FZF
nnoremap <leader>e :Files<CR>

" Session management
nnoremap <leader>so :OpenSession<Space>
nnoremap <leader>ss :SaveSession<Space>
nnoremap <leader>sd :DeleteSession<CR>
nnoremap <leader>sc :CloseSession<CR>

" A syntax for placeholders
" Pressing Control-j jumps to the next match.
inoremap <c-j> <Esc>/<++><CR>"_c4l

"" Set working directory
nnoremap <leader>. :lcd %:p:h<CR>

"" Opens an edit command with the path of the currently edited file filled in
" noremap <Leader>e :e <C-R>=expand("%:p:h") . "/" <CR>

"" Opens a tab edit command with the path of the currently edited file filled
noremap <Leader>te :tabe <C-R>=expand("%:p:h") . "/" <CR>

"" The PC is fast enough, do syntax highlight syncing from start unless 200 lines
augroup vimrc-sync-fromstart
  autocmd!
  autocmd BufEnter * :syntax sync maxlines=200
augroup END

"" Remember cursor position
augroup vimrc-remember-cursor-position
  autocmd!
  autocmd BufReadPost * if line("'\"") > 1 && line("'\"") <= line("$") | exe "normal! g`\"" | endif
augroup END

"" make/cmake
augroup vimrc-make-cmake
  autocmd!
  autocmd FileType make setlocal noexpandtab
  autocmd BufNewFile,BufRead CMakeLists.txt setlocal filetype=cmake
augroup END

""" Languages Configs

"" C
autocmd FileType c setlocal tabstop=4 shiftwidth=4 expandtab
autocmd FileType cpp setlocal tabstop=4 shiftwidth=4 expandtab

"" Elixir

"" Haskell
let g:haskell_conceal_wide = 1
let g:haskell_multiline_strings = 1
let g:necoghc_enable_detailed_browse = 1
autocmd Filetype haskell setlocal omnifunc=necoghc#omnifunc

"" Git
autocmd FileType gitcommit setlocal spell

"" html
autocmd Filetype html setlocal ts=2 sw=2 expandtab

"" JavaScript
let g:javascript_enable_domhtmlcss = 1

" vim-javascript
augroup vimrc-javascript
  autocmd!
  autocmd FileType javascript set tabstop=4|set shiftwidth=4|set expandtab softtabstop=4
augroup END

"" LaTeX
" Word count:
autocmd FileType tex map <F3> :w !detex \| wc -w<CR>
autocmd FileType tex inoremap <F3> <Esc>:w !detex \| wc -w<CR>
" Compile document using xelatex:
autocmd FileType tex inoremap <F5> <Esc>:!xelatex<space><c-r>%<Enter>a
autocmd FileType tex nnoremap <F5> :!xelatex<space><c-r>%<Enter>
" Code snippets
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;fr \begin{frame}<Enter>\frametitle{}<Enter><Enter><++><Enter><Enter>\end{frame}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>6kf}i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;fi \begin{fitch}<Enter><Enter>\end{fitch}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>3kA
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;exe \begin{exe}<Enter>\ex<Space><Enter>\end{exe}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>3kA
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,em \emph{}<++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,bf \textbf{}<++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,it \textit{}<++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,ct \textcite{}<++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;cp \parencite{}<++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;glos {\gll<Space><++><Space>\\<Enter><++><Space>\\<Enter>\trans{``<++>''}}<Esc>2k2bcw
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;x \begin{xlist}<Enter>\ex<Space><Enter>\end{xlist}<Esc>kA<Space>
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,ol \begin{enumerate}<Enter><Enter>\end{enumerate}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>3kA\item<Space>
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,ul \begin{itemize}<Enter><Enter>\end{itemize}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>3kA\item<Space>
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,li <Enter>\item<Space>
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,ref \ref{}<Space><++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,tab \begin{tabular}<Enter><++><Enter>\end{tabular}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>4kA{}<Esc>i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;ot \begin{tableau}<Enter>\inp{<++>}<Tab>\const{<++>}<Tab><++><Enter><++><Enter>\end{tableau}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>5kA{}<Esc>i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;can \cand{}<Tab><++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;con \const{}<Tab><++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;v \vio{}<Tab><++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,a \href{}{<++>}<Space><++><Esc>2T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,sc \textsc{}<Space><++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,chap \chapter{}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>2kf}i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,sec \section{}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>2kf}i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,ssec \subsection{}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>2kf}i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,sssec \subsubsection{}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>2kf}i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;st <Esc>F{i*<Esc>f}i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;beg \begin{DELRN}<Enter><++><Enter>\end{DELRN}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>4k0fR:MultipleCursorsFind<Space>DELRN<Enter>c
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;up <Esc>/usepackage<Enter>o\usepackage{}<Esc>i
autocmd FileType tex nnoremap ;up /usepackage<Enter>o\usepackage{}<Esc>i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;tt \texttt{}<Space><++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;bt {\blindtext}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;nu $\varnothing$
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;col \begin{columns}[T]<Enter>\begin{column}{.5\textwidth}<Enter><Enter>\end{column}<Enter>\begin{column}{.5\textwidth}<Enter><++><Enter>\end{column}<Enter>\end{columns}<Esc>5kA
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;rn (\ref{})<++><Esc>F}i
" LaTeX Logical symbols
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;m $$<Space><++><Esc>2T$i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;M $$$$<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>2k$hi
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;neg {\neg}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;V {\vee}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;or {\vee}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;L {\wedge}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;and {\wedge}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;ra {\rightarrow}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;la {\leftarrow}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;lra {\leftrightarrow}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;fa {\forall}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;ex {\exists}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;dia	{\Diamond}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;box	{\Box}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;gt	{\textgreater}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;lt	{\textless}

" .bib
autocmd FileType bib inoremap ,a @article{<Enter><tab>author<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>year<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>title<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>journal<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>volume<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>pages<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>}<Enter><++><Esc>8kA,<Esc>i
autocmd FileType bib inoremap ,b @book{<Enter><tab>author<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>year<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>title<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>publisher<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>}<Enter><++><Esc>6kA,<Esc>i
autocmd FileType bib inoremap ,c @incollection{<Enter><tab>author<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>title<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>booktitle<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>editor<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>year<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>publisher<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>}<Enter><++><Esc>8kA,<Esc>i

"" Markdown
autocmd BufRead,BufNewFile *.md,*rmd setlocal spell
autocmd Filetype markdown,rmd inoremap ,i ![](<++>)<++><Esc>F[a
autocmd Filetype markdown,rmd inoremap ,a [](<++>)<++><Esc>F[a
autocmd Filetype markdown,rmd inoremap ,1 #<Space><Enter><++><Esc>kA
autocmd Filetype markdown,rmd inoremap ,2 ##<Space><Enter><++><Esc>kA
autocmd Filetype markdown,rmd inoremap ,3 ###<Space><Enter><++><Esc>kA
autocmd Filetype markdown map <F5> :!pandoc<space><C-r>%<space>--pdf-engine=xelatex<space>-o<space><C-r>%.pdf<Enter><Enter>
autocmd Filetype rmd map <F5> :!echo<space>"require(rmarkdown);<space>render('<c-r>%')"<space>\|<space>R<space>--vanilla<enter>
autocmd Filetype rmd inoremap ;r ```{r}<CR>```<CR><CR><esc>2kO

"" Python
" vim-python
augroup vimrc-python
  autocmd!
  autocmd FileType python setlocal expandtab shiftwidth=4 tabstop=8 colorcolumn=79
        \ formatoptions+=croq softtabstop=4
        \ cinwords=if,elif,else,for,while,try,except,finally,def,class,with
augroup END

" jedi-vim
let g:jedi#popup_on_dot = 0
let g:jedi#goto_assignments_command = "<leader>g"
let g:jedi#goto_definitions_command = "<leader>d"
let g:jedi#documentation_command = "K"
let g:jedi#usages_command = "<leader>n"
let g:jedi#rename_command = "<leader>r"
let g:jedi#show_call_signatures = "0"
let g:jedi#completions_command = "<C-Space>"
let g:jedi#smart_auto_mappings = 0

" syntastic
let g:syntastic_python_checkers=['python', 'flake8']

" vim-airline
let g:airline#extensions#virtualenv#enabled = 1

" Syntax highlight
" Default highlight is better than polyglot
let g:polyglot_disabled = ['python']
let python_highlight_all = 1

"" Ruby
let g:rubycomplete_buffer_loading = 1
let g:rubycomplete_classes_in_global = 1
let g:rubycomplete_rails = 1

augroup vimrc-ruby
  autocmd!
  autocmd BufNewFile,BufRead *.rb,*.rbw,*.gemspec setlocal filetype=ruby
  autocmd FileType ruby set tabstop=2|set shiftwidth=2|set expandtab softtabstop=2
augroup END

let g:tagbar_type_ruby = {
      \ 'kinds' : [
      \ 'm:modules',
      \ 'c:classes',
      \ 'd:describes',
      \ 'C:contexts',
      \ 'f:methods',
      \ 'F:singleton methods'
      \ ]
      \ }
```

Commit message:

[vim]: Make navigation easier in long lines

nvim/maps.md, after:

# Keymaps

## Leader Keys

The leader keys change the normal behavior of the keys by creating an
intermediate mode.

```vim
let mapleader="\<space>"
let maplocalleader=','
```

## Comfortable Escape Key

I don't have a Caps lock key because I prefer having a <kdb>Ctrl</kdb> and a
<kdb>Esc</kdb> keys there. However, for a quick Escape key I like the `kj`
combination since they normally don't appear together in the English
dictionary.

```vim
" Because <Esc> is too far away
inoremap kj <Esc>
cnoremap kj <Esc>
```

Leaving insert mode when you are in the terminal mode (inside vim) is just
annoying. Using the `Escape` key is much more comfortable.

```vim
tnoremap <Esc> <C-\><C-n>
```

## Basics

We all do this mistakes. I would recommend you to remap your `CapsLock` key
system wise. Less errors of this nature would happen. However, if you choose
not to, this list of shortcuts will make you a little bit happier.

```vim
cnoreabbrev W! w!
cnoreabbrev Q! q!
cnoreabbrev Qall! qall!
cnoreabbrev Wq wq
cnoreabbrev Wa wa
cnoreabbrev wQ wq
cnoreabbrev WQ wq
cnoreabbrev W w
cnoreabbrev Q q
cnoreabbrev Qall qall
```

I could not live without this old habit. Saving with key sequence `Ctrl` + `S`.

```vim
nnoremap <C-s> :w<CR>
inoremap <C-s> <Esc>:w<CR>a
vnoremap <C-s> <Esc>:w<CR>
```

If you have wrap option enabled (as I do), with a very long sentence, Vim will
stretch your current sentence over the multiple rows. But that will still be a
single "physical" line. It might be tricky to move between those rows/lines.

Hitting arrow-down or `j` will move the cursor down one physical line.

But, hitting `gj` will move the cursor down one displayed line. This will
enable you to move around on a long sentence wrapped in multiple rows/lines.

```vim
nnoremap j gj
nnoremap k gk
```

It makes navigating easier. I got this tip from [Mastering Vim Quickly
Newsletter](https://masteringvim.com/).

Do you want to split faster?

- `h`orizontal
- `v`ertical

```vim
noremap <Leader>h :split<CR>
noremap <Leader>v :vsplit<CR>
```

Better pane movement.

```vim
nnoremap <C-h> <C-w>h
nnoremap <C-j> <C-w>j
nnoremap <C-k> <C-w>k
nnoremap <C-l> <C-w>l
```

Better pane switching.

```vim
nnoremap <M-h> <C-w>H
nnoremap <M-j> <C-w>J
nnoremap <M-k> <C-w>K
nnoremap <M-l> <C-w>L
```

## Tab & Buffer management

```vim
nnoremap tn :tabnew<Space>
nnoremap tk :tabnext<CR>
nnoremap th :tabfirst<CR>
nnoremap tl :tablast<CR>
nnoremap <Tab> gt
nnoremap <S-Tab> gT
nnoremap <silent> <S-t> :tabnew<CR>
```

```vim
noremap <leader>b :Buffers<CR>
noremap <leader>q :bp<CR>
noremap <leader>w :bn<CR>
```

```vim
"" Clean search (highlight)
nnoremap <localleader><leader> :noh<cr>

" terminal emulation
nnoremap <silent> <leader>sh :terminal<CR>

" Search mappings: These will make it so that going to the next one in a
" search will center on the line it's found in.
nnoremap n nzzzv
nnoremap N Nzzzv
```

## Visual Mode Mappings

```vim
" Vmap for maintain Visual Mode after shifting > and <
vmap < <gv
vmap > >gv

"" Move visual block
vnoremap J :m '>+1<CR>gv=gv
vnoremap K :m '<-2<CR>gv=gv


" Indent all file and come back to where you were
nnoremap <leader>gf gg=G``zz

"" Copy/Paste/Cut
if has('unnamedplus')
  set clipboard=unnamed,unnamedplus
endif

noremap YY "+y<CR>
noremap <leader>p "+gP<CR>
noremap XX "+x<CR>

" Rename the current file
noremap <leader>r :call Rename()<CR>

" Show syntax highlighting groups for word under cursor
nmap <C-S-P> :call SynStack()<CR>

" Refresh the browser
nnoremap <localleader>r :silent !browser.refresh<CR>
```

## Plugin Related maps

```vim
" NERDTree
noremap <leader>f :NERDTreeTabsToggle<CR>
noremap <localleader>f :NERDTreeFind<CR>

" Git
noremap <Leader>ga :Gwrite<CR>
noremap <Leader>gc :Gcommit<CR>
noremap <Leader>gp :Gpush<CR>
noremap <Leader>gl :Gpull<CR>
noremap <Leader>gs :Gstatus<CR>
noremap <Leader>gb :Gblame<CR>
noremap <Leader>gd :Gvdiff<CR>
noremap <Leader>gr :Gremove<CR>

" Tagbar
nnoremap <leader>t :TagbarToggle<CR>

" FZF
nnoremap <leader>e :Files<CR>

" Session management
nnoremap <leader>so :OpenSession<Space>
nnoremap <leader>ss :SaveSession<Space>
nnoremap <leader>sd :DeleteSession<CR>
nnoremap <leader>sc :CloseSession<CR>

" A syntax for placeholders
" Pressing Control-j jumps to the next match.
inoremap <c-j> <Esc>/<++><CR>"_c4l

"" Set working directory
nnoremap <leader>. :lcd %:p:h<CR>

"" Opens an edit command with the path of the currently edited file filled in
" noremap <Leader>e :e <C-R>=expand("%:p:h") . "/" <CR>

"" Opens a tab edit command with the path of the currently edited file filled
noremap <Leader>te :tabe <C-R>=expand("%:p:h") . "/" <CR>

"" The PC is fast enough, do syntax highlight syncing from start unless 200 lines
augroup vimrc-sync-fromstart
  autocmd!
  autocmd BufEnter * :syntax sync maxlines=200
augroup END

"" Remember cursor position
augroup vimrc-remember-cursor-position
  autocmd!
  autocmd BufReadPost * if line("'\"") > 1 && line("'\"") <= line("$") | exe "normal! g`\"" | endif
augroup END

"" make/cmake
augroup vimrc-make-cmake
  autocmd!
  autocmd FileType make setlocal noexpandtab
  autocmd BufNewFile,BufRead CMakeLists.txt setlocal filetype=cmake
augroup END

""" Languages Configs

"" C
autocmd FileType c setlocal tabstop=4 shiftwidth=4 expandtab
autocmd FileType cpp setlocal tabstop=4 shiftwidth=4 expandtab

"" Elixir

"" Haskell
let g:haskell_conceal_wide = 1
let g:haskell_multiline_strings = 1
let g:necoghc_enable_detailed_browse = 1
autocmd Filetype haskell setlocal omnifunc=necoghc#omnifunc

"" Git
autocmd FileType gitcommit setlocal spell

"" html
autocmd Filetype html setlocal ts=2 sw=2 expandtab

"" JavaScript
let g:javascript_enable_domhtmlcss = 1

" vim-javascript
augroup vimrc-javascript
  autocmd!
  autocmd FileType javascript set tabstop=4|set shiftwidth=4|set expandtab softtabstop=4
augroup END

"" LaTeX
" Word count:
autocmd FileType tex map <F3> :w !detex \| wc -w<CR>
autocmd FileType tex inoremap <F3> <Esc>:w !detex \| wc -w<CR>
" Compile document using xelatex:
autocmd FileType tex inoremap <F5> <Esc>:!xelatex<space><c-r>%<Enter>a
autocmd FileType tex nnoremap <F5> :!xelatex<space><c-r>%<Enter>
" Code snippets
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;fr \begin{frame}<Enter>\frametitle{}<Enter><Enter><++><Enter><Enter>\end{frame}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>6kf}i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;fi \begin{fitch}<Enter><Enter>\end{fitch}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>3kA
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;exe \begin{exe}<Enter>\ex<Space><Enter>\end{exe}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>3kA
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,em \emph{}<++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,bf \textbf{}<++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,it \textit{}<++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,ct \textcite{}<++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;cp \parencite{}<++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;glos {\gll<Space><++><Space>\\<Enter><++><Space>\\<Enter>\trans{``<++>''}}<Esc>2k2bcw
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;x \begin{xlist}<Enter>\ex<Space><Enter>\end{xlist}<Esc>kA<Space>
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,ol \begin{enumerate}<Enter><Enter>\end{enumerate}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>3kA\item<Space>
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,ul \begin{itemize}<Enter><Enter>\end{itemize}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>3kA\item<Space>
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,li <Enter>\item<Space>
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,ref \ref{}<Space><++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,tab \begin{tabular}<Enter><++><Enter>\end{tabular}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>4kA{}<Esc>i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;ot \begin{tableau}<Enter>\inp{<++>}<Tab>\const{<++>}<Tab><++><Enter><++><Enter>\end{tableau}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>5kA{}<Esc>i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;can \cand{}<Tab><++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;con \const{}<Tab><++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;v \vio{}<Tab><++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,a \href{}{<++>}<Space><++><Esc>2T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,sc \textsc{}<Space><++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,chap \chapter{}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>2kf}i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,sec \section{}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>2kf}i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,ssec \subsection{}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>2kf}i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ,sssec \subsubsection{}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>2kf}i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;st <Esc>F{i*<Esc>f}i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;beg \begin{DELRN}<Enter><++><Enter>\end{DELRN}<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>4k0fR:MultipleCursorsFind<Space>DELRN<Enter>c
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;up <Esc>/usepackage<Enter>o\usepackage{}<Esc>i
autocmd FileType tex nnoremap ;up /usepackage<Enter>o\usepackage{}<Esc>i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;tt \texttt{}<Space><++><Esc>T{i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;bt {\blindtext}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;nu $\varnothing$
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;col \begin{columns}[T]<Enter>\begin{column}{.5\textwidth}<Enter><Enter>\end{column}<Enter>\begin{column}{.5\textwidth}<Enter><++><Enter>\end{column}<Enter>\end{columns}<Esc>5kA
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;rn (\ref{})<++><Esc>F}i
" LaTeX Logical symbols
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;m $$<Space><++><Esc>2T$i
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;M $$$$<Enter><Enter><++><Esc>2k$hi
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;neg {\neg}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;V {\vee}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;or {\vee}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;L {\wedge}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;and {\wedge}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;ra {\rightarrow}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;la {\leftarrow}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;lra {\leftrightarrow}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;fa {\forall}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;ex {\exists}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;dia	{\Diamond}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;box	{\Box}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;gt	{\textgreater}
autocmd FileType tex inoremap ;lt	{\textless}

" .bib
autocmd FileType bib inoremap ,a @article{<Enter><tab>author<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>year<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>title<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>journal<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>volume<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>pages<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>}<Enter><++><Esc>8kA,<Esc>i
autocmd FileType bib inoremap ,b @book{<Enter><tab>author<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>year<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>title<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>publisher<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>}<Enter><++><Esc>6kA,<Esc>i
autocmd FileType bib inoremap ,c @incollection{<Enter><tab>author<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>title<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>booktitle<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>editor<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>year<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>publisher<Space>=<Space>"<++>",<Enter><tab>}<Enter><++><Esc>8kA,<Esc>i

"" Markdown
autocmd BufRead,BufNewFile *.md,*rmd setlocal spell
autocmd Filetype markdown,rmd inoremap ,i ![](<++>)<++><Esc>F[a
autocmd Filetype markdown,rmd inoremap ,a [](<++>)<++><Esc>F[a
autocmd Filetype markdown,rmd inoremap ,1 #<Space><Enter><++><Esc>kA
autocmd Filetype markdown,rmd inoremap ,2 ##<Space><Enter><++><Esc>kA
autocmd Filetype markdown,rmd inoremap ,3 ###<Space><Enter><++><Esc>kA
autocmd Filetype markdown map <F5> :!pandoc<space><C-r>%<space>--pdf-engine=xelatex<space>-o<space><C-r>%.pdf<Enter><Enter>
autocmd Filetype rmd map <F5> :!echo<space>"require(rmarkdown);<space>render('<c-r>%')"<space>\|<space>R<space>--vanilla<enter>
autocmd Filetype rmd inoremap ;r ```{r}<CR>```<CR><CR><esc>2kO

"" Python
" vim-python
augroup vimrc-python
  autocmd!
  autocmd FileType python setlocal expandtab shiftwidth=4 tabstop=8 colorcolumn=79
        \ formatoptions+=croq softtabstop=4
        \ cinwords=if,elif,else,for,while,try,except,finally,def,class,with
augroup END

" jedi-vim
let g:jedi#popup_on_dot = 0
let g:jedi#goto_assignments_command = "<leader>g"
let g:jedi#goto_definitions_command = "<leader>d"
let g:jedi#documentation_command = "K"
let g:jedi#usages_command = "<leader>n"
let g:jedi#rename_command = "<leader>r"
let g:jedi#show_call_signatures = "0"
let g:jedi#completions_command = "<C-Space>"
let g:jedi#smart_auto_mappings = 0

" syntastic
let g:syntastic_python_checkers=['python', 'flake8']

" vim-airline
let g:airline#extensions#virtualenv#enabled = 1

" Syntax highlight
" Default highlight is better than polyglot
let g:polyglot_disabled = ['python']
let python_highlight_all = 1

"" Ruby
let g:rubycomplete_buffer_loading = 1
let g:rubycomplete_classes_in_global = 1
let g:rubycomplete_rails = 1

augroup vimrc-ruby
  autocmd!
  autocmd BufNewFile,BufRead *.rb,*.rbw,*.gemspec setlocal filetype=ruby
  autocmd FileType ruby set tabstop=2|set shiftwidth=2|set expandtab softtabstop=2
augroup END

let g:tagbar_type_ruby = {
      \ 'kinds' : [
      \ 'm:modules',
      \ 'c:classes',
      \ 'd:describes',
      \ 'C:contexts',
      \ 'f:methods',
      \ 'F:singleton methods'
      \ ]
      \ }
```
